#summary Infos about the 2.6.35 kernel
= Feature =
  * Wifi is very stable (at least for me)
  * Usb tethering works out of the box without additional apps

= Bugs =
  * Flash light does not work
  * Resuming from sleep sometines makes the screen very colorful. Just unlock by dragging this thing with a finger and it restores.
  * Use early_suspend in the proximity sensor
  * Camera does not work
  * Bluetooth does not work (use http://nohands.sourceforge.net to test)
  * Kernel uses the old graphics framework
  * we have brought our own compass driver in drivers/i2c/chips/akm8973.c but there is already one in drivers/misc/akm8973.c. See if we can use that.
  * Change sensors.eve to support the new proximity input device. Proximity values are no longer served by the akm device.
  * The msm_touch touchscreen driver should disable interrupts when the screen is of
  * Look at the latency of the home&back key (in touch_so240001.c), they seem unresponsive from time to time
  * Look at the correct suspend behavior of the mmc. We need something like suspend_late here, so that the wifi driver does not loose its parent.
  * Turn off the power of the mmc during suspend
  * Implement automatic backlight controls (echo 1 > /sys/class/backlight/adam-bl/alc_mode). Can we somehow just read the sensor and decide on our own?
  * When attached to usb and then entering suspend, the usb is unusable after resume. You have to unplug and plugin again. Says msm72k_udc: usb_ept_queue_xfer() tried to queue busy request
  * Battery life: is VREG_LCD_2.8V and VREG_LCD_1.8V shutdown during black screen? Would that increase battery life?
  * Make the lightsensor value available to userspace. See BD6083GUL specs.
  * The powerbutton is connected to gpio 76?
  * GPIO 58 has something todo with gps?
  * mahimahi has pmem_venc, we do not
  * msm_irq_exit_sleep <SM NO INT_INFO> ?
  * msm72k_udc: usb_ept_queue_xfer() tried to queue busy request
  * Device alarm failed to suspend: error -16
= Infos =
The motion sensor is bma150, see http://www.bosch-sensortec.com/content/language4/downloads/BST-BMA150-DS000-06.pdf for a full datasheet.
The backlight driver is a [BD6083GUL http://www.rohm.com/products/databook/driver/pdf/bd6083gul_1-e.pdf].